TemplateStubs
=============

ProcessWire plug-in that generates stub classes for IDE support in Templates.

This is a useful tool for Template development for those using IDEs with static
analysis, such as PhpStorm, NetBeans, etc.

The module generates a file named "stubs.php" in the TemplateStubs folder, so
make sure this folder is write-enabled. The entire documentation file is rebuilt
after saving a Template or Field, which adds overhead - do not deploy this module
in production, this is a development tool only.

To make use of the generated stub classes, add an annotation to the top of
your template-file - for example, in the top of your "home" template, you
might add the following:

    <?php
    
    /**
     * @var tpl\home $page
     */

This should enable an IDE with static analysis to auto-complete properties
defined by the Fields used in the Template.

Because everything is a Page in ProcessWire, the built-in templates for
things like "admin", "role" and "user" will also be picked up, which means
you can have IDE support for any custom user-fields, too.


Example
-------

The output from this module looks like this:

    <?php

    /**
     * Generated by TemplateStubs module 2013-04-13 15:29:33
     * This file may be overwritten at any time.
     */

    namespace tpl;

    use Page;

    /**
     * "admin" template
     *
     * @property string $title Title
     * @property string $process The process that is executed on this page. Since this is mostly used by ProcessWire internally, it is recommended that you don't change the value of this unless adding your own pages in the admin.
     */
    class admin extends Page
    {}

    /**
     * "basic-page" template
     *
     * @property string $title Title
     * @property string $headline Use this instead of the Title if a longer headline is needed than what you want to appear in navigation. Some changes here
     * @property string $summary Summary
     * @property string $body Body Content
     * @property string $sidebar Sidebar
     * @property Pageimages|Pageimage[] $images Images
     */
    class basicpage extends Page
    {}

    /**
     * "home" template
     *
     * @property string $title Title
     * @property string $headline Use this instead of the Title if a longer headline is needed than what you want to appear in navigation. Some changes here
     * @property string $summary Summary
     * @property string $body Body Content
     * @property string $sidebar Sidebar
     * @property Pageimages|Pageimage[] $images Images
     */
    class home extends Page
    {}

    /**
     * "permission" template
     *
     * @property string $title Title
     */
    class permission extends Page
    {}

    /**
     * "role" template
     *
     * @property PageArray|Page[] $permissions Permissions
     */
    class role extends Page
    {}

    /**
     * "user" template
     *
     * @property Password $pass Set Password
     * @property string $email E-Mail Address
     * @property PageArray|Page[] $roles User will inherit the permissions assigned to each role. You may assign multiple roles to a user. When accessing a page, the user will only inherit permissions from the roles that are also assigned to the page's template.
     */
    class user extends Page
    {}
